# The main function for HCP postprocessing is HCP_S1200_postprocessing_general_with_censor_without_interpolation.csh

## introduction
1.submit_HCP_S1200_postprocessing_with_censoring_without_interpolation.sh : The process of initiating the entire project
2.postprocess_config_sleep.txt,sublist_pku_sleep1.txt: configuration and sublist
3.generate_rfMRI_list_S1200.sh: Create a subject list and file paths
4.submit_HCP_S1200_generate_DVARS.sh,HCP_S1200_generate_DVARS.csh : generate DVARS
5.HCP_S1200_postprocessing_general_with_censor_without_interpolation.csh: postprocess
6.CBIG_HCP_S1200_motion_outlier_detection_sleep.m: Participant was excluded due to excessive head motion
7.CBIG_HCP_generate_regressors_clean.m: Regress out head motion and global signal
8.smooth_merge_sleep_cifti_post_dtseries.m: smooting


## Here is an example function to call the main function:

Start procedure:
./submit_HCP_S1200_postprocessing_with_censoring_without_interpolation.sh sublist.txt dst_dir src_dir

modify:
submit_HCP_S1200_postprocessing_with_censoring_without_interpolation.sh
1. line 17: 
    work_dir is the directory of scripts
2. line 26:
    Uncomment the command to generate a DVARS file if it does not exist.

generate_rfMRI_list_S1200.sh
1.line 28,29,43,44:
    Update the code and ensure the correct file path (NIFTI,CIFTI).
2.line 68,69:
    Update the code to write to the correct file path.
    example: 
        echo "$sess_number $num_run $fMRI $native_fMRI" >> $rfmri_list
    ==> sess_number: Session ID
        num_run: Manually label sessions to handle session ID inconsistencies.
        fMRI: NIFTI or CIFTI
        native_fMRI: NIFTI file for generating DVARS file

HCP_S1200_postprocessing_general_with_censor_without_interpolation.csh
1.line 111,193,229:
    Update the path

CBIG_HCP_S1200_motion_outlier_detection_sleep.m:
1.line 13-28:
    Modify the code to locate the correct DV_FD_file generated by fMRIPrep. If this file does not exist, adjust the subsequent code to get the FD and DVARS data.

CBIG_HCP_generate_regressors_clean.m
1.line 4-15:
    Modify the code to locate the correct confounds_all file generated by fMRIPrep. If this file does not exist, adjust the subsequent code to compute the necessary regression data.
2.line 39:
    Manually select the data to be regressed


